Combine tutorial and presentation pages into resources, add citation to references (#96)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool-website: references.md

#### Other

+ <img align="right" width="180" height="130" src="/assets/img/Eyring_2016b-esd-7-813-2016-avatar.png"> **Eyring, V.**, Gleckler, P. J., Heinze, C., Stouffer, R. J., Taylor, K. E., Balaji, V., Guilyardi, E.,  Joussaume, S., Kindermann, S., Lawrence, B. N.,  Meehl, G. A., Righi, M., and Williams, D. N.: **Towards improved and more routine Earth system model evaluation in CMIP**, Earth Syst. Dynam., 7,  813-830,  [doi: 10.5194/esd-7-813-2016](https://doi.org/10.5194/esd-7-813-2016), 2016.

# Acknowledgements

> If you used the ESMValTool or any of its figures in your publication, please acknowledge its use with the following sentences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you used ESMValTool or any of its figures in your publication, please acknowledge its use with the following sentences:
```

ESMValTool v2 is released under the Apache License, version 2.0. The latest release of ESMValTool v2 is publicly available on Zenodo at [https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3401363](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3401363). The ESMValCore package, which is installed as a dependency of ESMValTool v2, is also publicly available on Zenodo at [https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3387139](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3387139). ESMValTool and ESMValCore are developed on the GitHub repositories available at [https://github.com/ESMValGroup](https://github.com/ESMValGroup) (last access: INSERT DATE).

Besides these, we encourage the citation of the Software Documentation Papers listed above. Citing the Software Documentation Paper and registering your paper(s) will serve to document the scientific impact of the Software, which is of vital importance for securing future funding. You should consider this an obligation if you have taken advantage of the ESMValTool, which represents the end product of considerable effort by the development team.

> For convenience, you can download a bibtex file for the papers [here](/assets/downloads/esmvaltool_references.bib), but due to changing ESMValTool versions, we ask that you kindly generate the citation for the Code yourself following the Zenodo links above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For convenience, you can download a BibTeX file for the documentation papers listed above [here](/assets/downloads/esmvaltool_references.bib). Due to changing ESMValTool versions, we kindly ask you to also cite the code directly using the Zenodo links given above.
```
